Calamity
Then let you try the strength of this supreme
The apocalypse is gone
Survived the heavenly calamity so easily
This is just like playing
Dandan's bare hands covered the heavenly tribulation
It is the height that I have waited for in this life
What kind of monster is this?
No wonder you're defiant
No wonder you have such a dragon vein
It's me waiting to see it
I'm willing to kill myself
I just ask you to work for my building
I'm willing to kill myself and apologize
But please ask Mr. Ye to give us three days
Just three days.
Otherwise, Great Xia will be paralyzed
Cut off your 20 years of life
All as punishment
Thank you Mr. Ye
The revenge has been avenged
The next step is to make up for my biggest regret
Hongyan, you were originally today
Are you waiting for me to go for an additional medical examination?
How do you know that?
I did mention it to my family
And also prepared
But I haven't had time to tell you yet.
You don't have to say anything.
I know it all
Today in my last life
Between you and Han Down, I chose Han Down.
I let you down
Did not attach
Instead, I attended Han Feather's banquet
Make you completely disappointed in me
I won't in this life
Mr. Ye, I have already excused myself from the banquet
All the memories of me
Here we go.
I need you to help me prepare a surprise
Not Mr. Ye
You mean tomorrow?
I want to make Hongyan
Become the brightest star in the world
Let the whole elephant
The most famous and wealthy families
All come to witness our happiness